---
title: J - 2022.04.18
---

[_before correcting mistakes_]

We talked about buying a house. He is in the process of buying a house. Recently he chooses the house to move and now deal the house price with the owner. He says that if the owner accepts his price, It takes about a few months to move there. 

I have many questions about this topic. The most curious thing is the house price. He talked to me that the price is £250 thousand and UK government support 5% of the price for first-time home buyer. I said that I wish the offer been accepted. Then I talked my situation about buying a house. I recorded my voice, so the below is exactly what I said. I write this for later English learning.  

>I moved to this house about three years ago, and I live here my family.. relatively in Seoul.. here is OO, city names is OO, relatively low price of house but in this house price is maybe about £OOO thousand, It doesn't my house, it's only rent house. I borrowed money from bank and I rented this house for five years, a few years later I move to another house, so.. it is very stressful thing alway.

For this conversation, I searched buying process of UK and found some [statistic data in related to housing in UK](https://www.statista.com/statistics/321065/uk-england-home-owners-age-groups/).

>I find some statistic data to housing in UK, the report says that in your age, I mean that from 25 to 34, only have one fourth have a house.. no no one tenth, every ten only one have a house, in South Korea the situation is maybe worse, below 30 years old, only 1.7% people have their own house.

My last question is what kind of house he lived in his early ages, but my speech lose the way just like below.

>When you were a kid, how the house looks like.. what's your place.. sorry.. what's the house looks like when you were a kid?

I honor his patience, it makes me to speak more, and I feel responsibility to his patience, I have to make more efforts.